Stage 1: Requirements Specification
    The program must satisfy the following requirements:
        ■■ It must let the user enter the interest rate, the loan amount, 
           and the number of years for which payments will be made.
        ■■ It must compute and display the monthly payment and total 
           payment amounts.

Stage 2: System Analysis
    The output is the monthly payment and total payment, which can be obtained
    using the following formulas:

        monthlyPayment = (loanAmount * monthlyInterestRate) / (1 - (1 / (1 + monthlyPayment) ^ numberOfYears*12));
        totalPayment = monthlyPayment x numberOfYears * 12;

    Therefore, the input needed for the program is the monthly interest rate, the length of the
    loan in years, and the loan amount.

    NOTE:
    The requirements specification says the user must enter the annual interest rate, the
    loan amount, and the number of years for which payments will be made. During analysis,
    however, it is possible you may discover that input is not sufficient or some values
    are unnecessary for the output. If this happens, you can go back and modify the 
    requirements specification.

    NOTE:
    In the real world, you will work with customers from all walks of life. You may develop
    software for chemists, physicists, engineers, economists, and psychologists, and of course
    you will not have (or need) complete knowledge of all these fields. Therefore, you don’t
    have to know how formulas are derived, but given the monthly interest rate, the number of
    years, and the loan amount, you can compute the monthly payment in this program. You will,
    however, need to communicate with customers and understand how a mathematical model works
    for the system.

Stage 3: System Design
During system design, you identify the steps in the program.
    Step 3.1. Prompt the user to enter the annual interest rate, the number of years, and the loan
              amount.
    (The interest rate is commonly expressed as a percentage of the principal for a period of
     one year. This is known as the annual interest rate.)
    
    Step 3.2. The input for the annual interest rate is a number in percent format, such as 4.5%.
              The program needs to convert it into a decimal by dividing it by 100. To obtain
              the monthly interest rate from the annual interest rate, divide it by 12, since a year
              has 12 months. Thus, to obtain the monthly interest rate in decimal format, you
              need to divide the annual interest rate in percentage by 1200. For example, if the
              annual interest rate is 4.5%, then the monthly interest rate is 4.5/1200 = 0.00375.

    Step 3.3. Compute the monthly payment using the preceding formula.
    
    Step 3.4. Compute the total payment, which is the monthly payment multiplied by 12 and
              multiplied by the number of years.
    
    Step 3.5. Display the monthly payment and total payment.

Stage 4: Implementation
Implementation is also known as coding (writing the code). go look ComputeLoan.java